from reports I saw today the national
average retail price of a gallon of
gasoline in the u.s. is about three
dollars and fifty five cents a gallon
and everyone's starting to freak out
news reports the president gave a press
conference to talk about it and calm
everybody down I don't quite get the
hysteria here in LA the average price of
a gallon of gasoline regular has been
over for for a long time and today I set
out to prove that to you so here's the
gas station closest to where i live for
29 yeah I'm not going to round up I'm
going to fall for their little trick as
you can see it's overcast morning in LA
for 29 a gallon there at the 76 one
block away here on Pico Boulevard in Los
cienega 401 so you're still over for you
go a little further down into a little
more of a ghetto area another 76 has 395
so that's not bad back to that all right
here's the gas station I actually use
its Abby pyaar ko they designed it to be
some sort of eco-friendly gas station if
you can believe that it's 391 so at
least I'm weigh under four here's a
picture you know they collect rainwater
on that on that roof and then they use
it in the bathrooms they reuse the
rainwater and there's a bunch of other
environmentally friendly features except
for the fact that you're pumping
gasoline so that's where I go for my 391
across the street also 391 here's
another 76 but this one's in Beverly
Hills for 15 a gallon go up to West
Hollywood 419 a gallon of course the
asshole or assholes driving this Bentley
don't care about the price of gas the
for them money is like water they'll pay
anything for 09 at this 76 so let's sit
down and that's a very lovely gas
station they even have their own
fountain here just what we need in LA
more frivolous use of water I should go
to this place thrifty 387 the problems I
don't believe it's really gasoline and
check out this cheap motel right behind
it 405 still in west LA here so all over
the place it's over for 405 and a mobile
here another 76 for 29 who would
oh here who would go here two blocks
away or something like that's 405 here's
an ugly la gas station typical and a
lovely green BMW Mercedes I mean shows
how much I care 403 here in west LA the
sun's starting to come out and that's
the end of my tour approving that
gasoline prices in LA are too damn high